and then gang beauty that is already felipe
bringing you another video gameplay
mended this mission does not align play
the black ops of europe and eminem efe met
that I did a solo victory or beats
the starting tdm without dying any time
already in the spoiler on the final score was 1 26
Utah bazaar and I was throwing a clear
loss of 57 with an attractive
game play that looks pretty bad
are using it might be that someone likes
this mira but my friends do not like
I talked to some of them and they
They said they think it's really annoying.
they do not even use it and I never had
I used it for the first time.
To give a test I ended up taking this test.
gameplay cool, right but I really
I did not like it, I did not like it very much.
in my opinion she is very close if I
have a red dot in the sights
itself was a vw website that would be
out even better than I could myself
leave in this gameplay but of any
personally we are already there for two
weeks without posting videos, sorry, it's
gathered several things and went to the
The beach has now returned to my classes now.
I'm in the second year of high school
school too pull together ne ii ii together
other things like soccer academy
etc
and I'm out of time
himself is playing taking place and
is recording the videos
For you guys, we're there for a long time.
without posting I count on the help of
You're right, because I stayed two months.
almost without posting videos now two
weeks without posting videos and end half
which is complicated in terms of
views likes né who wants to go back
yes posting videos again have a
rhythm nice on youtube
It's complicated, but now I go.
trying to return without knowing that I always
I give priority to my personal life not
fill talked about this other times
but I'm now trying to keep a
legal rhythm of postcards then
You can be helping this will be
easier to happen beauty
sorry for a possible stutter
or failed dictioning because I'm pretty
time there without posting videos then the
comment does not stay much on pic is very
right so much
Good to bet on a video then
Sorry, or my comment is more
so the staff
The subject matter of today's video is about
headsets headsets were banished from
black ops 2
some of you may not understand much
well what I'm talking about is
title so it must be okay finding means
strange but quiet there since you will
to understand is the following with
part of the game black ops 2 with
sound part of modern warfare 2 game
model code was 2 which was the code that
I think you have is that the sound part
his is best of all
it is very easy to make a sound of
rock for those who do not know how to make rock sound
it's basically you hear the steps of
enemy players and I think who
buy a headset is to buy with and with
order edit hear the footsteps of
enemies and people who have a star or
acted as hotel beach until a pendant
Um, you know what I'm talking about.
in backoffice 2 you do not have as I saw
footsteps, so let's go
leaving aside the mw2 or that for me was
the code has the best sound part is not
set aside because he's already well
did not we get the three emílio
rooms was not 3 was the previous code
to the blackout both ne
and gives a compared with the two is in the mode
f3
You could hear the steps very well.
of enemies without some light
had because if he had pronep did with
that would increase the volume of the facts
enemies equal has in the backoffice disease
none because that's what the air in this
Sunday is so pronounced all
ages is that the game in English is then
It may be different from your game.
which is probably life in
Portuguese then who imposes
increases the volume of enemy countries
it does not work in two backoffice
so in backoffice 2 you 're using
or organs with headset let's say 5.1
that is a trailer you are using
against the will in mw3 without using the software
own is better than you are using
awards in the backoffice two then the
staff really is a mean thing
revolting by some because it has a
people who bought r only 7.42
listening to the footsteps of enemies and
contradictory even in a way because
own ttp arc own activision
they launch black ops two headsets
knows with all opus 2 design that is
basically you are playing and
listening to the enemy people and they do is
a game with the audible portion as bad as
weakened then personal meaning
do not buy headsets in the place the two
wait a little to buy at the next
Infinity ward game is going to be
released is always the games of infinity
ward are better on the soundtrack in
partition horn than those of your haiti mas
the black ops 2 for the love of god was
champion was trash even until nuno
lopes 1 with the ninja prona
people are listening well to the steps of
enemies in block 2 is
practically impossible in just one
game mode is that you
Troicki chances mode calmer right
that does not have much noise that stays
enough times you alone on the map
against other players you end up
able to hear footsteps from enemies
very low but there was now if you have
playing that pipe form of tim neff net
or domination this ends up being
impossible because this
mode of play you hear a lot
shooting noise cars exploding or I know
there the own affection the own
narrator of the game saying he suffers yes or
if not the fifth form of thing of the type e
It turns out that there was no way
Space of enemies then to close
It's personal is a very
contradictory on its own account
Game producer producing headsets
producer to produce you 're playing and
make a match with partizan is so bad
and it is a means for those revolting thing
is now buying these headsets in the
backoffice 2 and can not hear the
parents of boys then one thing well
Strange a boring thing that is
left to wish enough still bancoop
the two then review their concepts where
is buying a headset in place the
two wait a bit to launch the next
code of the infinity ward that I think
it will be better beauty
so this is what everyone's sorry and any
thing for my diction to give some failed
My comment is not very cool, I
I have a clue about this
But it's that personal, we 're trying.
back and pace of portals and I
I hope you will help me there, right?
evaluation and dissemination
the video is so lets I liked it one
Favorite, do not forget to comment on your
opinion about this we can always
and then our opinions of a
friendly way
so this is it folks if you are not registered
on the channel sign up so you can
receive the next videos and upcoming
beauty updates
Okay, people said the arm and I went